</h1><h2>Introduction</h2><p>

<p>Welcome to my portfolio repository! I am a PhD in Nuclear Physics with a strong background in theoretical nuclear physics, specifically in low-energy reactions involving heavy ions. I have published several works in international journals under the name H. O. Soler.</p><p>Having developed expertise in analyzing complex data and conducting detailed research in nuclear physics, I have recently expanded my interests to the field of data science. This repository serves as a showcase of my progress and the various projects and cases I have been working on, combining my analytical skills with data-driven approaches.</p> </p>

<h2>Repository Contents</h2><p>This repository contains a collection of projects and cases that highlight my growth and application of data science techniques. Each project is accompanied by Jupyter notebooks, code files, and relevant datasets. Below are some of the cases you can find in this repository:</p><ol><li>Case 1: Customer Churn</li><li>Case 2: Feature reduction in cancer classificaiton</li></ol><p>Please feel free to explore each case and review the associated code and analysis.</p>

<h2>Tools and Technologies</h2><p>To accomplish these projects, I make use of various tools and technologies, with Google Colab being my primary platform for data analysis and machine learning tasks. Leveraging powerful libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, and scikit-learn, I apply my expertise in nuclear physics to solve real-world problems and extract meaningful insights from data.</p><h2>Contact Information</h2><p>If you have any questions, suggestions, or opportunities for collaboration, please feel free to reach out to me. You can contact me via email at <a href="mailto:hhugoo12@gmail.com" target="_new">hhugoo12@gmail.com</a>.</p><p>Thank you for visiting my portfolio repository, and I hope you find my projects insightful and inspiring!</p>
